feat: Adds support for cluster_project_id field for stream_connection (#3424)
mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas: docs/data-sources/stream_connection.md

If `type` is of value `Cluster` the following additional attributes are defined:
* `cluster_name` - Name of the cluster configured for this connection.
* `db_role_to_execute` - The name of a Built in or Custom DB Role to connect to an Atlas Cluster. See [DBRoleToExecute](#DBRoleToExecute).

> * `cluster_project_id` - The id of the project that contains the configured cluster. Only defined if the id does not match the project containing the streams instance. Requires the organization setting to be enabled first.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `cluster_project_id` - The id of the project that contains the configured cluster. Must be defined if the id does not match the project containing the streams instance. Requires the organization setting to be enabled first.
```

> * `cluster_project_id` - The id of the project that contains the configured cluster. Only defined if the id does not match the project containing the streams instance. Requires the organization setting to be enabled first.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `cluster_project_id` - Unique 24-hexadecimal digit string that identifies the project that contains the configured cluster. Required if the ID does not match the project containing the streams instance. You must first enable the organization setting.
```
